Apple Watch For Your Kids - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch For Your Kids Shop Apple Watch Shop Apple Watch SE Apple Watch For Your Kids Apple Watch. A great call for kids. A great call for kids. Set up any Apple Watch with cellular for your kids, even if they don’t have their own iPhone.1 Easy to call and text. Know where they are. Great ways to keep them active. It’s independence for them. And peace of mind for you. Apple Watch For Your Kids Your iPhone manages their Apple Watch. More about Apple Watch For Your Kids Apple Watch For Your Kids Use your iPhone to pair a watch for each of your kids so they can enjoy the convenience and benefits of Apple Watch even if they don’t have their own iPhone.2 With any GPS + Cellular Apple Watch model, your child gets their own phone number and Apple Account. You can set it up and manage it using the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. Calls and messages Talk about an easy way to connect. More about Calls and messages Calls and messages Kids can make and receive calls and texts with the contacts you approve virtually anywhere. They can even place calls and send text messages using just their voice.1 Schooltime Turn off notifications. Turn on learning. More about Schooltime Schooltime With Schooltime, notifications and apps are restricted during school hours. When it’s enabled, a distinctive yellow circle is displayed on the watch face that teachers and parents can easily recognize, signifying that access to apps is restricted and Do Not Disturb is turned on. For convenience, parents can also set the schedule on their iPhone so Apple Watch automatically goes into Schooltime during specific hours. Find My people Where’s Erica? More about Find My people Find My people See everyone’s location using the Find My app. And receive alerts when they arrive at their destination or get home. Parents can also get alerts when their child leaves a location, like school. Bands Adjustable. Colorful. Comfortable. More about Bands Bands Small wrists? No big deal. The Apple Sport Band, Sport Loop, and Solo Loop fit all kinds of sizes. And they’re made with soft, lightweight materials — so they’re as easy to wear as they are fun to look at. Built to be durable Oops.Uh-oh.Doh! More about Built to be durable Built to be durable With durable recycled metals in the case and crack resistant front crystal displays, Apple Watch is built to last and ready for whatever the day brings. Water resistant Makes a splash. Takes a splash. More about Water resistant Water resistant With a water resistance 50 meters rating, Apple Watch loves the pool as much as kids do.3 Workout Workouts that work for kids. More about Workout Workout Soccer. Jump Rope. Dance. There’s a ton of workouts on their wrist for whatever they have in mind. And workouts like Outdoor Walk, Outdoor Run, and Outdoor Cycle have been specifically tuned to give kids appropriate credit. Activity Awards It motivates. And celebrates. More about Activity Awards Activity Awards The Activity rings are tailored to kids, providing personalized suggestions to help them close their rings and provide them colorful animations when they do. They can also share their progress with friends and family for a little healthy competition. Emergency SOS Calls for help with the press of a button. More about Emergency SOS Emergency SOS Rest easy knowing that with Emergency SOS, your child can quickly connect to emergency services.4 Apple Music Pack their tunes to go. More about Apple Music Apple Music Music, podcasts, and audiobooks can easily be synced to their watch. And with Apple Music, there are over 100 million songs to choose from.5 So there’s no shortage of tracks to mix it up. App Store A wristful of fun and education. More about App Store App Store With access to thousands of apps from the App Store, Apple Watch is the perfect personal device for learning and playing. From dictionaries to dominoes, apps are available with your approval using Ask to Buy. And Siri offers a helpful, safe way for kids to get their questions answered whenever they have them. Apple Cash Allowance. Way less of a chore. More about Apple Cash Apple Cash Easily set up Apple Cash for anyone in your family under 18.6 Securely send money for allowances, shopping, or just because. You can even set up recurring payments to keep allowances on a schedule. Find My device Lost? Found! More about Find My device Find My device Kids take their watches everywhere, which means they could be anywhere. Get help locating a misplaced device in the Find My app, which lets you track their watch at a glance, right on your iPhone or iPad. You can also play a sound to pinpoint its location. Watch faces From fun to funny. More about Watch faces Watch faces Kids can match their moods and personalities with tons of watch faces to choose from. They can even customize it with complications tailored to whatever they’re into. Shop Apple Watch. Apple Watch SE Midnight Aluminum Case with Sport Band * Buy Apple Watch SE Silver Aluminum Case with Sport Loop * Buy Apple Watch SE Starlight Aluminum Case with Sport Band * Buy Works with any Apple Watch GPS + Cellular model. Learn more How to get started with Apple Watch For Your Kids. Learn more How to get started with Apple Watch For Your Kids. Learn more Apple Footer * Monthly pricing is available when you select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as payment type at checkout at Apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping are not included in ACMI and are subject to your card's variable APR. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. The last month's payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Apple Watch For Your Kids. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. Apple Watch SE has a water resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Apple Watch SE should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Apple Music requires a subscription. Apple Cash services are provided by Green Dot Bank, Member FDIC. Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Green Dot Bank for Apple Cash accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Learn more about the Terms and Conditions. Only available in the U.S. on eligible devices. To send and receive money with an Apple Cash account, you must be 18 and a U.S. resident. If you're under 18, your family organizer can set up Apple Cash for you as part of their Apple Cash Family account, but you may not be able to access features that require a supported payment card. Security checks may require more time to make funds available. Apple Cash Family accounts can only send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Tap to Cash transactions can only be used to send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Other limits apply, see Terms and Conditions for details. To access and use all Apple Cash features, you must have an eligible device with Wallet that has the latest version of iOS. Bands are subject to availability. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10, and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later.  Apple Watch Apple Watch For Your Kids Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map