Buy Apple Watch SE - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Now through 12/2, get a $50 Apple Gift Card when you buy Apple Watch SE.*** Offer eligible Buy Apple Watch SE Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Starlight Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Silver Aluminum Case with Lake Green Solo Loop - Size 3 Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Silver Aluminum Case with Star Fruit Solo Loop - Size 5 Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Silver Aluminum Case with Ultramarine Solo Loop - Size 0 Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Silver Aluminum Case with Star Fruit Solo Loop - Size 7 Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Silver Aluminum Case with Light Blush Solo Loop - Size 1 Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Silver Aluminum Case with Light Blush Solo Loop - Size 9 Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Denim Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Midnight Sport Band - S/M Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Lake Green Sport Loop Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Light Blush Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band - S/M Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Lake Green Sport Loop Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Black Unity Sport Band - Unity Bloom - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Ink Sport Loop - XL Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 44mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Ink Sport Loop Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Starlight Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS, 40mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Light Blush Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Light Blush Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS, 44mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Denim Sport Band - M/L Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Silver Aluminum Case with Light Blush Solo Loop - Size 0 Apple Watch SE GPS + Cellular, 40mm Silver Aluminum Case with Black Solo Loop - Size 3 Frequently Asked Questions How do I find my band size? Apple Watch bands are available in a variety of styles and sizes. First, you’ll need to choose a case size and band style to see which band sizes are available with that combination. The band you choose will specify the maximum and minimum wrist size. To get the correct band size, we recommend that you precisely measure around your wrist. If you choose an Apple Watch with a Sport Band, first select your case size then select your band size. Sport Bands only come with one size in the box. If you choose a Solo Loop or Braided Solo Loop band, you’ll need to use the sizing guide to find your exact size. Our sizing for these bands has changed, so please use the updated sizing guide even if you’ve purchased one in the past. When you shop for Solo Loop bands, there are step-by-step instructions to help you measure your wrist using a printable tool or household objects so you can find the correct size. How do I customize my Apple Watch? You can pair any case with almost any band in the Apple Watch Studio. Once you’ve created a combination you like, you can save it and then create others to compare. What’s the difference between GPS and GPS + Cellular? The GPS + Cellular model allows you to stay connected to the people and information you care about with just your Apple Watch. With a cellular plan you can send and receive text messages, answer phone calls, receive notifications, and stream Apple Music and Apple Podcasts without needing your iPhone nearby. To pair watches for kids who don’t have an iPhone yet using Apple Watch For Your Kids, a GPS + Cellular model is required. With the GPS model, you must be connected to your iPhone via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi to send and receive text messages, answer phone calls, and receive notifications. The built-in GPS works independently of your iPhone for distance, pace, and route mapping in workouts. Learn more about cellular and which carriers support Apple Watch(Opens in a new window) What is Apple Watch For Your Kids and how does it work? Apple Watch For Your Kids is a software feature that lets you use your iPhone to pair any Apple Watch GPS + Cellular for every member of your family. That means kids who don’t have an iPhone yet can easily stay in touch with contacts you approve by using Apple Watch to send and receive messages and make calls. Just add each Apple Watch to your mobile plan. Everyone gets their own phone number and Apple ID, and you set up and manage them using the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. Kids can stream music, learn and have fun with apps, pay for stuff with Apple Cash Family and stay motivated with kid-friendly Activity rings. You can choose which apps they can download, schedule restrictions during school hours to help them focus and keep tabs on their whereabouts with location sharing and notifications. You get all the connectivity, wellness and safety features you love, for everyone you love. It’s independence for them and peace of mind for you. Learn more about Apple Watch For Your Kids Each Apple Watch model is swimproof, passes the tough test for an active kid’s lifestyle and is available in fun case and strap combinations. The lightweight and easily adjustable Apple Sport Band and Sport Loop are ideal for kids. Apple Watch For Your Kids works with any Apple Watch GPS + Cellular model with watchOS 7 or later. Learn more about setting up Apple Watch for a family member Which carriers support Apple Watch cellular service? While service plans vary by network provider,* many offer free or special trials for Apple Watch. Contact your wireless service provider for more details. Learn more about which carriers support Apple Watch(Opens in a new window) * Apple Watch (GPS + Cellular) does not support international roaming. But you’ll still be able to complete a call to emergency services almost anywhere in the world. Just press and hold the side button on Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) or Apple Watch SE (GPS + Cellular) models and you’ll be connected to the help you need, even if you’re nowhere near your iPhone. Which iPhone models are compatible with Apple Watch? Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10 and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. Apple Watch is only compatible with iPhone. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View Complete List(Opens in a new window) Is it easy to transfer my data and set up my new Apple Watch? Whether you buy online or in an Apple Store, it’s easy to transfer your data and set up your new Apple Watch. Apple Watch content backs up automatically to your companion iPhone, so you can restore your Apple Watch from a backup. When you back up your iPhone, it includes your Apple Watch data. Discover all of the amazing things your new Apple Watch can do with the help of an Apple Specialist. After your Apple Watch ships, you’ll receive an invitation to schedule a free one-on-one online session where you can cover the topics of your choice. To get the most out of your time, use our online guides to transfer your data to your new Apple Watch before your session. Learn how to set up and transfer data to your new Apple Watch(Opens in a new window) How can I pay using Apple Card Monthly Installments? If you already have Apple Card and want to purchase your Apple Watch with Apple Card Monthly Installments, select it as your payment option when you check out. You’ll pay over time, interest-free, and receive 3% Daily Cash back, all up front. If you don’t have Apple Card yet, you can apply for one in as little as a minute when you select Apple Card Monthly Installments as your payment option and use it for your purchase. Learn more about Apple Card Monthly Installments(Opens in a new window) If you used your Apple Card to pay in full but you meant to take advantage of interest-free financing using Apple Card Monthly Installments, we can help switch you over. Contact an Apple Card Specialist at 877-255-5923. You can also chat with one by tapping Apple Card in Wallet, tapping the black circle in the upper right-hand corner, and then tapping Message. Customers in U.S. territories should contact Goldman Sachs Bank USA for questions about installments. How does Apple Trade In work? Apple Trade In makes it easy to get credit toward the purchase of your next Apple Watch. Simply answer a few questions about your device. Based on what you tell us, we’ll provide an estimated trade-in value. If you pay monthly, we’ll apply the value as an instant credit to lower the monthly payments of your new Apple Watch. If you pay in full, we’ll credit your payment method after we receive your trade-in. If it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. Once you accept the estimated trade-in value quote, we'll ship you a free trade-in kit. When we receive your trade-in, we'll verify its condition, and if everything checks out, your trade-in will be complete. If your device doesn’t match the condition you described, you’ll receive an email with next steps. If you paid in full and the value of your device was more than the cost of your new Apple Watch, you’ll receive an Apple Gift Card by email with the remaining amount. The online trade-in process generally takes 2–3 weeks. You can also trade in your device at an Apple Store at the point of purchase. However, the trade-in value in a store may be different from the estimated trade-in value you received online. Learn more about Apple Trade In (Opens in a new window) What is included with AppleCare+? What are my delivery options and when will I get my items? Delivery estimates are based on item availability and the shipping option you choose. You’ll get a final delivery date after you place your order. Free next-day delivery is available for any in-stock Mac, iPad, iPhone, Apple TV, or Apple Watch. Get free two-day delivery on almost everything else. Or you can upgrade your shipping method for an additional charge. In most metro areas, we offer same-day scheduled courier delivery on available in-stock items from an Apple Store. The two-hour delivery fee is $9. You’ll choose a delivery date and time during checkout. Subject to availability. Depending on your location, your order may be eligible for In-Store, Curbside, or Express Pickup at or near the Apple Store. For pickup, you’ll choose a pickup method, date, and store during checkout. Orders placed through apple.com can only be shipped within the country or region of purchase. Visit the online store of the location where you want your products delivered. Can I return my Apple Watch? Yes. If you change your mind and no longer wish to keep your Apple Watch, you have the option to return it to us. The returned Apple Watch must be in good condition and in the original packaging, which contains all accessories, manuals, and instructions. Returns are subject to Apple’s Sales and Refunds Policy. Learn more about returns, refunds, and exchanges(Opens in a new window) Which Apple Watch is right for you? Apple Watch SE From $249 44mm or 40mm aluminum case size LTPO OLED Retina display - Up to 1000 nits - - High and low heart rate notifications1 Irregular rhythm notifications2 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep Tracking - Vitals app featuring heart rate, respiratory rate, and sleep duration4 - Cycle Tracking6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection and Crash Detection7, 9 - Water resistant10 Swimproof10 - - - - GPS Available cellular connectivity13 S8 SiP - Siri Find iPhone Up to 18 hours normal use17 Low Power Mode - New Apple Watch Series 10 From $399 46mm or 42mm aluminum or titanium case size LTPO3 OLED Always‑On Retina display Wide-angle OLED Up to 2000 nits Up to 40% brighter when viewed at an angle ECG app1 High and low heart rate notifications1 Irregular rhythm notifications2 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep Tracking Sleep apnea notifications3 Vitals app featuring heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature, and sleep duration4 Temperature sensing5 Cycle Tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection and Crash Detection7, 9 - Water resistant11 Swimproof11 Depth gauge to 6m Water temperature sensor - - GPS Available cellular connectivity13 S10 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri with health data access15 Precision Finding for iPhone16 Up to 18 hours normal use18 Up to 36 hours in Low Power Mode18 Faster charging (0–80% in about 30 minutes)20 New Finish Apple Watch Ultra 2 From $799 49mm titanium case size LTPO2 OLED Always‑On Retina display - Up to 3000 nits - ECG app1 High and low heart rate notifications1 Irregular rhythm notifications2 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep Tracking Sleep apnea notifications3 Vitals app featuring heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature, and sleep duration4 Temperature sensing5 Cycle Tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates6 Emergency SOS7 International emergency calling8 Fall Detection and Crash Detection7, 9 Siren Water resistant12 Swimproof12 Depth gauge to 40m Water temperature sensor High-speed water sports Recreational scuba to 40m Precision dual‑frequency GPS Cellular connectivity14 S9 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri with health data access15 Precision Finding for iPhone16 Up to 36 hours normal use19 Up to 72 hours in Low Power Mode19 Fast charging (0–80% in about 1 hour)20 Compare all models Shop Apple Watch Get 3 months free when you buy an Apple Watch. ${translate.store.a11y.footnote} ** From HIIT to Meditation, there’s something for everyone. Learn more Learn more about Apple Fitness+ Footer footnotes The ability to measure blood oxygen is no longer available on Apple Watch units sold by Apple in the United States beginning January 18, 2024. These are indicated with part numbers ending in LW/A. Learn how to identify your Apple Watch. *** Offer valid on qualifying purchases of Eligible Products (excludes iPhones purchased from Apple Store Online via financing or iPhone Payments, and carrier-connected iPhones) from November 29, 2024, to December 2, 2024, at a Qualifying Location. Gift card values may vary by Eligible Product. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. Qualifying purchasers can receive a discount equal to the value of the Apple Gift Card (depending on their purchase) off the price of the Eligible Product, but will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Apple Gift Card. Important notice regarding the checkout receipt and monthly statement for Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) purchases with this promotion: A purchase of an Eligible Product made when selecting ACMI (a 0% APR payment option available only in the U.S.) as the payment type at checkout will receive an instant credit equal to the cost of the Apple Gift Card deducted from the price of the Eligible Product at the time of purchase. You will be charged one ACMI installment plan for the Eligible Product discounted by the instant credit. The value of the Apple Gift Card will also be charged in a separate second ACMI installment plan for the same number of months as the discounted Eligible Product. The total combined amount charged over the 2 separate ACMI installment plans will reflect the original full retail price of the Eligible Product. Separately, you will receive and be charged for the Apple Gift Card in the amount of the applicable instant credit. ACMI is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible Apple products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for more information about eligible products. APR ranges may vary based on when you accepted an Apple Card. Cardholders who accept an Apple Card on and/or after October 1, 2024: Variable APRs for Apple Card, other than ACMI, range from 18.74% to 28.99% based on creditworthiness. Rates as of October 1, 2024. Existing cardholders: See your Customer Agreement for applicable rates and fee. If you buy an ACMI eligible product by choosing to pay in full with Apple Card (instead of using ACMI), that purchase is subject to the Apple Card variable APR, not 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on ACMI purchases are subject to the variable APR, not 0% APR. You’ll need to select AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, or Verizon as your carrier when you check out. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government, and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs, or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See https://support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI financing. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. Available for qualifying applicants in the United States. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about accessing this offer or applying for Apple Card. Except for ACMI, this offer cannot be combined with other Apple promotion(s) or financing offers that are directed to individual end-user customers in the Qualifying Location. This offer also cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan or business loyalty pricing. Some methods of payment are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer here. ◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com (Opens in a new window), the Apple Store app, or by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/102730 (Opens in a new window) for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of October 1, 2024, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 18.74% to 28.99%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI-eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers: AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement (Opens in a new window) for more information about ACMI. ◊◊ Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. * Monthly pricing is available when you select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as payment type at checkout at Apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping are not included in ACMI and are subject to your card’s variable APR. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement (Opens in a new window) for more information. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 (Opens in a new window) for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card. ** Offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device. $9.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously subscribed to Apple Fitness+. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. A subscription is required for Apple Fitness+. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later with iOS 16.1 or later, or Apple Watch Series 3 or later with watchOS 7.2 or later paired with an iPhone 6s or later with iOS 14.3 or later. ‡ AppleCare+ provides unlimited incidents of accidental damage from handling. Each incident is subject to a service fee. § Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Apple Watch For Your Kids. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (excluding Apple Watch SE) and can generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Intended for use by people 22 years old and over. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). Sleep Apnea Notifications are available on Apple Watch Series 9 and later and Ultra 2. It is intended to detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea for people 18 years old or older without a diagnosis of sleep apnea. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The temperature sensing feature is not intended for medical use. Temperature sensing is available only on Apple Watch Series 8 and later and all Apple Watch Ultra models. The Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Requires Apple Watch Series 7, SE, Ultra, or later. For a list of supported countries and regions, see apple.com/watchos/feature-availability. Fall Detection updates are available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later with watchOS 8 and later. Apple Watch SE has a water resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Apple Watch SE should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000(Opens in a new window). Apple Watch Series 10 and Apple Watch SE have a water resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that they may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. They should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000(Opens in a new window). Series 10 is also rated IP6X dust resistant. Apple Watch Ultra 2 has a water resistance rating of 100 meters under ISO standard 22810. It may be used for recreational scuba diving (with compatible third-party app from the App Store) to 40 meters and high-speed water sports. Apple Watch Ultra 2 should not be used for diving below 40 meters. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/watch/cellular(Opens in a new window) for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/en-us/HT207578(Opens in a new window) for additional setup instructions. Cellular is not available everywhere Apple Watch Ultra is sold. See apple.com/watch/cellular(Opens in a new window). Contact your provider for more information. Available for on-device requests. Requires an iPhone and Apple Watch with second-generation Ultra Wideband chip. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2022 using preproduction Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) and Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 300 time checks, 90 notifications, 15 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 36-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Multi-day battery life is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 8 hours of LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 1200 time checks, 360 notifications, 60 minutes of app use, and two 60-minute workouts with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 72 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 60 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 72 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Fast charging is compatible with Apple Watch Series 7 or later, including all Ultra models. It is not compatible with any Apple Watch SE model. Learn more at apple.com/2030. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10, and Apple Watch SE require an iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. To learn more about wearing Apple Watch, getting a good fit, potential skin sensitivity, and proper care and cleaning, click here. Images shown are for illustration purposes only. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Compatible with Apple Watch SE and Apple Watch Series 4 or later. We approximate your location from your internet IP address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to Apple. Apple Watch Buy Apple Watch SE Shop and Learn Shop and Learn + Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet + Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account + Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment + Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store + Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business + Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education + Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare + Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone For Government For Government + Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values + Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple + Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map