Apple Watch SE - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch SE Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Why Apple Watch Tech Specs BuyApple Watch SE Last chance to get a $50 Apple Gift Card when you buy Apple Watch SE.Δ Offer ends tonight. Shop Apple Watch SE A great deal to love. Easy ways to stay connected. Motivating fitness metrics. Innovative health and safety features. Fresh band colors. Apple Watch SE is packed with features at a feel-good price. Buy Connectivity Stay connected on the go, go, go. More about Stay connected on the go, go, go. Stay connected on the go, go, go. Take a call while on a run. Answer a text quickly in a meeting. Listen to music on the move. Or use Apple Pay and Siri right from your wrist.1 Add a cellular plan to stay connected even when you don’t have your phone.2 Sleep Get a closer look at your shut‑eye. More about Get a closer look at your shut‑eye. Get a closer look at your shut-eye. The Sleep app lets you create a schedule and bedtime routine to help meet your sleep goals. See how much time you spent in different sleep stages like REM, Core, or Deep sleep. And view sleep trends to see how consistently you’re meeting your goals. Heart rate Track your heart health without missing a beat. More about Track your heart health without missing a beat. Track your heart health without missing a beat. Check your heart rate at any time with the Heart Rate app. And get notifications for high or low heart rate or an irregular rhythm.3 Apple Watch For Your Kids Independence for them. Peace of mind for you. More about Independence for them. Peace of mind for you. Independence for them. Peace of mind for you. Set up any Apple Watch with cellular for your kids, even if they don’t have their own iPhone.4 It’s easy to call and text. Know where they are. And find great ways to keep them active. Learn more Fitness The ultimate workout partner. More about the ultimate workout partner The ultimate workout partner. From strength training and HIIT to Pilates and yoga, Apple Watch offers a healthy range of ways to track your workout. And it shows your progress with advanced metrics and views like Heart Rate Zones, Power, and Elevation. Water resistance Swim-suitable. More about Swim-suitable. Swim-suitable. Apple Watch SE has a water resistance rating of 50 meters.5 Track your splits and sets in the pool, and create Custom Workouts for pool swims. Get tide data for your favorite beach with the Tides app. Whether you’re splashing, swimming, or surfing, the water’s fine. Activity More moving. More motivating. More about More moving. More motivating. More moving. More motivating. Track your daily activity — like standing, moving, and exercising — with Activity rings. Put your Activity rings on pause and adjust your goals for each day of the week. Whatever your fitness goals may be, Apple Watch is there to motivate you. Faces and bands Styles for smiles. More about Styles for smiles. Styles for smiles. Express yourself with dozens of band styles and eye-catching new colors. And choose from tons of watch faces, including the redesigned Photos face. Powered by machine learning, it analyzes your photo library and selects the best compositions, framing, and image quality for your watch. Safety Help that’s always at hand. More about Help that’s always at hand. Help that’s always at hand. If Apple Watch detects that you’ve taken a hard fall or have been in a car crash, it can automatically connect you with emergency services, provide dispatchers with your location, and notify loved ones. Emergency SOS can help you get assistance when you need it.6 And Check In lets you automatically notify a friend when you’ve arrived at a destination.7 Carbon neutral A big step toward a smaller footprint. More about A big step toward a smaller footprint. A big step toward a smaller footprint. Apple Watch marks a milestone in our plan to make all our products carbon neutral by 2030.8 We’re cutting the majority of emissions through innovations in materials, clean energy, and low-carbon shipping. And we’re investing in nature-based projects to offset the small amount that remains. Pair Apple Watch SE with the new lineup of carbon neutral band colors and styles. Learn more about our Apple 2030 plan watchOS 11 Finely tuned. To you. More about Finely tuned. To you. Finely tuned. To you. See the right information at the right time with Smart Stack updates powered by machine learning. Easily get translations in 20 languages with the Translate app.9 Get overnight health insights with the Vitals app.10 Receive helpful pregnancy information with the Cycle Tracking app.11 And save maps to your watch to use offline.12 Learn more about watchOS 11 Use AR to see Apple Watch SE. View in AR Get credit toward a new Apple Watch.13 With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible Apple Watch and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet. Find your trade-in value Apple Watch Studio Any case. Any band. Any style you want. Create your style Which Apple Watch is right for you? Apple Watch SE All the essentials. Light on price. Buy Learn more 44mm or 40mm aluminum case Retina display Up to 1000 nits S8 SiP Siri Find iPhone High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Up to 18 hours14 Low Power Mode +2 more New Apple Watch Series 10 Thinnest. Biggest display.15 Advanced health features. Buy Learn more 46mm or 42mm aluminum or titanium case Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits S10 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri with health data access Precision Finding for iPhone16 ECG app17 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep apnea notifications18 Up to 18 hours19 Up to 36 hours in Low Power Mode19 Fast charging20 New color Apple Watch Ultra 2 The ultimate sports and adventure watch. Buy Learn more 49mm titanium case Always-On Retina display Up to 3000 nits S9 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri with health data access Precision Finding for iPhone16 ECG app17 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep apnea notifications18 Up to 36 hours21 Up to 72 hours in Low Power Mode21 Fast charging22 Compare all models Shop Apple Watch Apple Footer Fast delivery or pickup Enjoy two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup. Learn more Apple Card Monthly Installments Pay for your new Apple Watch over time, interest-free when you choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments.† Learn more Get help buying Have a question? Call a Specialist or chat online. Contact us Δ Offer valid on qualifying purchases of Eligible Products (excludes iPhones purchased from Apple Store Online via financing or iPhone Payments, and carrier‑connected iPhones) from November 29, 2024, to December 2, 2024, at a Qualifying Location. Gift card values may vary by Eligible Product. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. Qualifying purchasers can receive a discount equal to the value of the Apple Gift Card (depending on their purchase) off the price of the Eligible Product, but will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Apple Gift Card. Important notice regarding the checkout receipt and monthly statement for Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) purchases with this promotion: A purchase of an Eligible Product made when selecting ACMI (a 0% APR payment option available only in the U.S.) as the payment type at checkout will receive an instant credit equal to the cost of the Apple Gift Card deducted from the price of the Eligible Product at the time of purchase. You will be charged one ACMI installment plan for the Eligible Product discounted by the instant credit. The value of the Apple Gift Card will also be charged in a separate second ACMI installment plan for the same number of months as the discounted Eligible Product. The total combined amount charged over the 2 separate ACMI installment plans will reflect the original full retail price of the Eligible Product. Separately, you will receive and be charged for the Apple Gift Card in the amount of the applicable instant credit. ACMI is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible Apple products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for more information about eligible products. APR ranges may vary based on when you accepted an Apple Card. Cardholders who accept an Apple Card on and/or after October 1, 2024: Variable APRs for Apple Card, other than ACMI, range from 18.74% to 28.99% based on creditworthiness. Rates as of October 1, 2024. Existing cardholders: See your Customer Agreement for applicable rates and fee. If you buy an ACMI eligible product by choosing to pay in full with Apple Card (instead of using ACMI), that purchase is subject to the Apple Card variable APR, not 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on ACMI purchases are subject to the variable APR, not 0% APR. You’ll need to select AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon as your carrier when you check out. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government, and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs, or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI financing. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. Available for qualifying applicants in the United States. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about accessing this offer or applying for Apple Card. Except for ACMI, this offer cannot be combined with other Apple promotion(s) or financing offers that are directed to individual end-user customers in the Qualifying Location. This offer also cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan or business loyalty pricing. Some methods of payment are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer here. Apple Pay is not available in all markets. For a list of Apple Pay countries and regions, visit support.apple.com/HT207957. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Apple Watch For Your Kids. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. Apple Watch SE has a water resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Apple Watch SE should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Check In requires watchOS 11 or later for the sender and iOS 17 or later for the recipient. Location sharing is not supported in South Korea and might be unavailable in other regions due to local laws. Carbon reductions are calculated against a baseline scenario: 1) No use of clean electricity for manufacturing or product use, beyond what is already available on the grid (based on regional emissions factors). 2) Apple’s carbon intensity of key materials as of 2015 (our baseline year for our 2030 product carbon neutrality goal). Carbon intensity of materials reflects use of recycled content and production technology. 3) Apple’s average mix of transportation modes (air, rail, ocean, ground) by product line across three years (fiscal years 2017 to 2019) to best capture the baseline transportation emissions of our products. Not all languages are supported. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Offline Maps is available for Apple Watch Series 6 and later, Apple Watch SE (2nd generation), and all Apple Watch Ultra models running watchOS 11 or later. Requires iPhone Xs or later running iOS 18 or later. Not available in all countries and regions. Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2022 using preproduction Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) and Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Compared to previous generations. Requires an iPhone and Apple Watch with second-generation Ultra Wideband chip. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (excluding Apple Watch SE) and can generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Intended for use by people 22 years old and over. The Sleep Apnea Notification Feature is available on Apple Watch Series 9 and later and Ultra 2. It is intended to detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea for people 18 years old or older without a diagnosis of sleep apnea. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 300 time checks, 90 notifications, 15 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 36-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Charge times are from 0–80% and 0–100% using the included Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable (Model A2515), and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Fast-charge testing conducted with drained Apple Watch units. Times measured from the appearance of the Apple logo as the unit started up. Charge time varies with region, settings, and environmental factors; actual results will vary. Multi-day battery life is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 8 hours of LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 1200 time checks, 360 notifications, 60 minutes of app use, and two 60-minute workouts with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 72 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 60 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 72 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. Charge times are from 0–80% and 0–100% using the included Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2023 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable (Model A2515), and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Charge time varies with region, settings, and environmental factors; actual results will vary. † Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of October 1, 2024, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 18.74% to 28.99%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers: AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card. Apple Pay is a service provided by Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Any card used in Apple Pay is offered by the card issuer. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10, and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Bands are subject to availability.  Apple Watch Apple Watch SE Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map