watchOS 11 - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ watchOS 11 watchOS 11 Finely tuned. To you. Better understand your daily health status using your overnight vitals.1 See how workouts may impact your body over time. And discover new features that make Apple Watch undeniably yours. That’s watchOS 11. Activity Rings Pause your rings Move, Exercise, and Stand rings show your daily activity, and the goal is to close them every day. But if you need to take a break, you can now put your rings on pause for a day, week, month, or more and keep your award streak going. More customizable than ever Now you can adjust your Activity ring goals for every day of the week. So you get the motivation you need on the days you need it. New ways to serve up your Summary Add, move, or remove metrics in the Summary tab of the Fitness app on iPhone — to include what matters to you most. And check out new metrics for running, cycling, swimming, and more. Vitals For a better understanding of your daily health status Your overnight health data in one convenient place. More about For a better understanding of your daily health status For a better understanding of your daily health status Wear your watch to sleep each night and get a more holistic understanding of your daily health status. With the new Vitals app, you can quickly see your overnight health metrics right on your watch: heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature, blood oxygen,2 and sleep duration. See what’s typical for you Vitals establishes a typical range for each of your health metrics collected as you sleep. So you’ll always know at a glance how your metrics are stacking up. Know when to pay more attention to your body If multiple metrics are ever outside your typical range, you’ll receive a notification along with context for factors that may be involved — like medications, elevation, alcohol, or even illness. All to help you know when it’s a good idea to pay closer attention to your body. Training Load A new tool to help athletes achieve their goals Training load helps you see how the intensity of your workouts may impact your body over time. So you can make informed decisions about how and when to adjust your workouts — especially when you’re training for a big event. You can also see your overnight vitals for additional insights. Review your training load in the Activity app. Track your effort After completing most cardio-focused workouts in the Workout app, you’ll be able to review a new effort metric in the summary indicating how hard you exercised. Your pace, elevation, heart rate, and personal data like age, height, and weight are factored into each rating. More about Track your effort Track your effort Effort ratings are automatically generated for: Indoor Walk Outdoor Walk Indoor Run Outdoor Run Indoor Cycle Outdoor Cycle Indoor Rowing Outdoor Rowing Cross Country Skiing Elliptical Stair Stepper Hiking HIIT Dance Kickboxing Pool Swim Open Water Swim You can adjust the estimated ratings, and for noncardio workouts like strength training and yoga, you can enter your own rating after your workout. You can also submit ratings for workouts tracked in third‑party fitness apps so they’ll be added to your training load. Know if you’re undertraining or overdoing it Training load compares the intensity and duration of your workouts over the last seven days to what you’ve done over the previous 28 days. It then classifies your current training load on a scale from well below to well above — to help you understand the relative strain on your body and decide if it’s sustainable. Photos Face Picture-perfect images, curated for you Powered by machine learning, the redesigned Photos face can search thousands of photos in your library, intelligently analyze them, and select the best compositions, framing, and image quality for your watch. To give the people, places, or things you love the star treatment. Filter your favorites Select specific people, pets, nature, or cities, and watchOS 11 will find the best shots and serve them up. More ways to make it yours Now you can customize the time size and layout, choose your favorite font, and get creative with bold colors, tricolor, or something unique to you. There’s script support for additional languages, too. Cycle Tracking A new focus on pregnancy When you add a pregnancy in the Health app on iPhone or iPad, Cycle Tracking will now display your gestational age and track your pregnancy across all your health charts.3 More about A new focus on pregnancy A new focus on pregnancy Cycle Tracking can give you a variety of recommendations and notifications related to your health during pregnancy. For example, if your high heart rate notification threshold is set below 120 bpm, you will be prompted to review it, since heart rates often increase during pregnancy. Walking Steadiness can alert you more quickly during your third trimester, when the risk of falling can increase. And you can be reminded to check in on your mental health more often, since during and after pregnancy a person is at higher risk for conditions like depression. Designed for your privacy Your health data stays on your device and is encrypted when your Apple Watch is locked with a passcode. And it’s never shared without your permission. Smart Stack More intelligent than ever Widgets show up automatically based on time, location, and more. Like if rain is coming. Always know the latest Live Activities are now supported on Apple Watch and appear in the Smart Stack. So you can stay on top of the latest sports scores or know when your Uber is about to arrive. More capable, too Brand-new widgets include severe weather alerts, Training load, Photos, Distance, and Shazam. And you can directly access three items you used most recently in an app — like your three most recent Workout types or songs you’ve played. Check In Peace of mind on your wrist Check In lets you automatically notify a friend or loved one when you’ve arrived at a destination.4 Start a Check In from Messages by entering your destination or arrival time. Check In from your workout Going for a run after dark? Now you can start your workout and a Check In at the same time from the Workout app on your watch. Workout Enhanced GPS positioning See distance and route maps for more workouts. Including row, row, rowing your boat. Custom Workouts for pool swims Your Apple Watch can now automatically guide you through timed intervals of work and recovery in the pool — with haptics to let you know when it’s time to move to the next interval. See what’s coming Now you can see an Up Next workout view for any Custom Workout you create, allowing you to see what’s remaining in your current interval and what’s coming next. Tides Swim and surf conditions Use the Tides app to see if surf’s up. More about Swim and surf conditions Swim and surf conditions Get seven-day tidal information for coastlines all over the world. You can check conditions, including rising, falling, high, and low tides — as well as weather, wind speed and direction, sunrise, sunset, swell height, and intervals between swells. Translate The world on your wrist With support for 20 languages, see a translation simply by typing or dictating a phrase. You can play the translation out loud and slow it down if need be. And you can use the Translate app on your watch without your iPhone when you have a Wi-Fi or cellular connection, or by downloading a language.5 Now in the Smart Stack Add the Translate app to your Smart Stack for easy access.5 Or when you’re traveling to a location where a different language is spoken, your watch will intelligently add the widget for you. Talk about smart. Double Tap Still magical, even more capable Scroll through any app hands-free with the double tap gesture. Including the Weather app. The double tap API is available for third‑party apps Now developers can tap into double tap. And so much more. Ultra Wideband home keys. Now you can unlock your door as you approach, without having to hold your watch to the lock.6 Enhanced ticketing. See more information on tickets in your Wallet, like directions to the parking lot, show times, and more. Events will also appear as Live Activities in your Smart Stack. Tap to Cash. Exchange Apple Cash with someone by presenting your Apple Watch to their iPhone or Apple Watch.7 Maps. Maps offers hikes for all 63 U.S. national parks. Save them to your watch to use offline and get turn‑by‑turn voice guidance. watchOS 11 compatibility. Find your Apple Watch model watchOS 11 requires iPhone Xs or later or iPhone SE (2nd generation or later) with iOS 18 and one of the following Apple Watch models: Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) Apple Watch Series 6 Apple Watch Series 7 Apple Watch Series 8 Apple Watch Series 9 Apple Watch Series 10 Apple Watch Ultra Apple Watch Ultra 2 Not all features are available on all devices. Your health data. In your control. Learn more about the Health app Developers will love watchOS, too. Learn more about developing for watchOS Apple Footer The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The Blood Oxygen app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The ability to measure blood oxygen is no longer available on Apple Watch units sold by Apple in the United States beginning January 18, 2024. These are indicated with part numbers ending in LW/A. Learn how to identify your Apple Watch. The Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Check In requires watchOS 11 or later for the sender and iOS 17 or later for the recipient. Location sharing is not supported in South Korea and might be unavailable in other regions due to local laws. Not all languages are supported. Available on Apple Watch Series 6 or later and all Apple Watch Ultra models. Not available on Apple Watch SE. Ultra Wideband compatible locks will be available next year. Apple Cash services are provided by Green Dot Bank, Member FDIC. Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Green Dot Bank for Apple Cash accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Learn more about the Terms and Conditions. Only available in the U.S. on eligible devices. To send and receive money with an Apple Cash account, you must be 18 and a U.S. resident. If you’re under 18, your family organizer can set up Apple Cash for you as part of their Apple Cash Family account, but you may not be able to access features that require a supported payment card. Security checks may require more time to make funds available. Apple Cash Family accounts can only send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Tap to Cash transactions can only be used to send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Other limits apply, see Terms and Conditions for details. To access and use all Apple Cash features, you must have an eligible device with Wallet that has the latest version of iOS. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages or at the same time.  Apple watchOS watchOS 11 Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map