Apple Watch Hermès - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch Hermès Buy Apple Watch Hermès Apple Watch Hermès Design and function. Inspired by the sea. Building on a shared foundation of craftsmanship and beauty, the Apple Watch Hermès portfolio is expanding with iconic new designs. The latest collection offers a journey into uncharted territory with deeply hued textiles, luxurious materials, nautical-inspired details, and the debut of the elegantly durable Apple Watch Hermès Ultra 2. Design, set sail. The first Apple Watch Hermès Ultra 2 pairs with the sporty En Mer band, made of water-resistant textured knit in Bleu Nuit that echoes the pattern of ocean waves, featuring a subtle “H” motif and matching custom titanium buckle. Racing against the clock. Hermès Maritime is the first-ever digital watch face from the fashion house, featuring graphic Cape Cod numerals. The bezel displays seconds, and with a press of the Action button, a Regatta countdown timer makes keeping time on and off the boat a breeze. Buy Apple Watch Hermès Ultra 2 Apple Watch Hermès Series 10 A new season of legacy unfolds. Coming soon Refined in every facet. The Grand H band interprets a classic watchmaking style for the modern day, juxtaposing engineered precision with the fluidity of metal links for an elevated look. The band is bookended by the iconic “H” motif and features two adjustable links. It locks into place with a butterfly clasp. 42mm or 46mm Satiné Grand H Sporty with a splash of sophistication. For all adventures, Kilim combines soft, waterproof rubber with a quick-release deployment buckle. Molded with the geometric interlocking “H” motif, the overall aesthetic is equal parts athletic and artful. 46mm Vert Moyen Kilim Single Tour Blending lightweight comfort with contemporary elegance. Torsade references nautical chains brought to life as a continuous knit band in rich, saturated hues. Lightweight and comfortable, Torsade is available in a Single Tour and a Double Tour that wraps twice around the wrist. 42mm Rouge Grenat Torsade Double Tour and 46mm Navy Torsade Single Tour Bands of distinction. A time-honored design, reimagined with new textiles. The most delicate band available for Apple Watch Hermès Series 10, the Twill Jump Attelage Single Tour is an ethereal wisp of form. With a nod to the precise edge painting used throughout Hermès designs, colorful contrasting borders enliven this elegantly thin band. 42mm Noir/Gold Twill Jump Attelage Single Tour Your watch. Your way. Switch up the look of your Apple Watch with Apple Watch Studio. Pair the classic Hermès case with Hermès bands in a variety of designs, colors, and materials. Shop Hermès bands Create in Apple Watch Studio Apple Footer Fast delivery or pickup Enjoy two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup. Learn more Apple Card Monthly Installments Pay for your new Apple Watch over time, interest-free when you choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments.† Learn more Get help buying Have a question? Call a Specialist or chat online. Contact us The ability to measure blood oxygen is no longer available on Apple Watch units sold by Apple in the United States beginning January 18, 2024. These are indicated with part numbers ending in LW/A. Learn how to identify your Apple Watch. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10, and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. † Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of October 1, 2024, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 18.74% to 28.99%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers: AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card.  Apple Watch Apple Watch Hermès Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map