Apple Watch Series 10 - Apple Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch Series 10 Local Nav Menu Local Nav Menu Overview Why Apple Watch Tech Specs Buy Apple Watch Series 10 Apple Watch Series 10 Thinstant classic. * Buy Get the highlights. Watch the Apple Watch Series 10 film Item 1 Item 2 Item 3 Item 4 Item 5 The thinnest Apple Watch ever, with our biggest display.2 Get invaluable health insights, including new sleep apnea notifications.4 New depth and water temperature sensors for your aquatic adventures. Fastest-charging Apple Watch ever.3 Get 80% battery in 30 minutes. New ways to fine-tune your fitness experience, like customizing Activity rings to match your lifestyle. Monumental display. Series 10 is a major milestone for Apple Watch. It features our biggest and most advanced display yet,2 showing more information onscreen than ever. With Apple’s first wide-angle OLED Display, the screen is brighter when viewed from an angle, making it easier to read with a quick glance. Sleek form. Series 10 is our thinnest watch ever.2 To make this possible, we re-engineered nearly every aspect of it, including the SiP, Digital Crown, speaker, front crystal, and antenna. It all comes together to create a watch that’s packed full of innovation. Series 7, 8, 9 Series 10 Series 10 has the largest screen area of any Apple Watch. It has up to 75% more screen area than Series 3, up to 30% more screen area than Series 4, 5, 6, and SE, and up to 9% more screen area than Series 7, 8, and 9. So you can see and do even more. Series 3 Series 4, 5, 6 | SE Series 7, 8, 9 Series 10 Pause Play Replay Jet Black. Hi, gloss. For the first time, Apple Watch comes in an eye-catching Jet Black aluminum. The case is polished until it’s extremely reflective. It then goes through a 30-step anodization process to create a deep, glossy black that’s truly striking. The result is a timeless, sophisticated look. View in your space Jet Black Silver Rose Gold Jet Black Rose Gold Silver Titanium. Polished to perfection. In another exciting first, you can choose from three polished titanium finishes that are as beautiful as they are tough. They’re made of aerospace-grade titanium that’s polished to a mirror-like shine. With titanium’s remarkable strength-to-weight ratio, Series 10 weighs almost 20% less than Series 9 in stainless steel while still being extremely durable. View in your space All titanium finishes Slate Natural Gold All titanium finishes Natural Gold Slate Health insights for days. And nights. From sleep tracking to heart health notifications and much more, the advanced sensors in Series 10 help you better understand your health. Sleep apnea is a condition where breathing stops repeatedly and causes disrupted sleep. If untreated, it can lead to hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and cardiac issues. You can now be notified if signs of sleep apnea are detected and receive a report that helps you navigate conversations with your healthcare provider.4 80% of sleep apnea cases are undiagnosed4 Sleep on it. Get help setting up a bedtime routine and tracking your sleep. See the time you spent in REM, Core, and Deep sleep, as well as when you might have woken up. You can even get 8 hours of sleep tracking with just an 8‑minute charge.5 Listen to your heart. With the ECG app, Apple Watch Series 10 is capable of generating an ECG similar to a single‑lead electrocardiogram.6 And with the Heart Rate app, you can get notifications for high and low heart rate as well as an irregular rhythm.7 Vital metrics. The new Vitals app helps you identify changes in your daily health status.8 Quickly see your key overnight health metrics right on your wrist — including heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature, and sleep duration. Understand your cycle. Apple Watch has an innovative sensor that tracks your temperature while you sleep.9 The Cycle Tracking app uses this data to provide a retrospective estimate of when you likely ovulated, which can be helpful for family planning.10 Fit for anything. Series 10 is the perfect fitness partner. It motivates you to stay active, tracks all your workouts, and gives you the metrics you need. The new water temperature sensor gives you more information for your swim workouts. And a new depth sensor makes Series 10 great for swimming and snorkeling.11 So go on, make a splash. Exercise your options. From running and strength training to Pilates and dance, Apple Watch delivers a healthy number of ways to work out — and all the metrics you could want. Run rings around your day. The Activity app tracks your fitness goals and encourages you to close your Move, Exercise, and Stand rings every day. Now you can easily pause your Activity rings or adjust your goals for each day of the week. Work it out with training load. Now you can see how the intensity and duration of your workouts may impact your body over time. So you can make an educated decision on when to push or when to recover. Sea the new Tides app. Check conditions for over 115,000 beaches and 5,000 surf spots around the world, including high and low tides, rising and falling tides, and sunrise and sunset. Your snorkeling buddy. The Oceanic+ app comes to Series 10 with fun, new snorkeling features.12 While underwater, you’ll be able to track your time, maximum depth, direction, and other metrics. Apple Watch plus Fitness+. Using Apple Watch with Fitness+ lets you see your real‑time metrics onscreen. And you get the freedom of audio‑guided walks, runs, and meditations when you don’t have your iPhone with you. Intelligent ways to stay connected. Stay connected to the people and things that you care about most. Cellular lets you keep in touch, even when you don’t have your iPhone nearby.13 And intelligent new features help you stay informed and on top of everything. Smarts that stack up. The Smart Stack automatically shows relevant information throughout the day based on time, location, and more. Like if rain is coming. Live Activities can keep you updated on things like sports scores or your upcoming flight. Words travel fast. The new Translate app automatically adds a widget to your Smart Stack when you’re traveling somewhere a different language is spoken. You can even download languages to your watch so you can use Translate without your iPhone, Wi‑Fi, or a cellular connection.14 Go without your phone. Take a call from the trail. Return a text on your run. Cellular lets you leave your phone behind without missing a beat.13 Always have money on hand. Pay from your wrist with Apple Pay,15 or send money to friends with Apple Cash.16 You can also use the Wallet app as your ID, home key, car key, boarding pass, and transit card.17 No more hide and seek. Precision Finding directs you to your iPhone by showing you its distance and direction.18 When you get close, haptic feedback, an audible chirp, and a visual indicator help you zero in on it. Hear here. Easily stream music, podcasts, and audiobooks with AirPods. If you don’t have headphones nearby and want to listen to something quickly, you can now play audio through the Apple Watch speaker. More apps in a tap. Get access to tens of thousands of apps with the App Store. It’s a great way to customize your watch for whatever you love to do. Keep help close at hand. Life is full of the unexpected. That’s why Apple Watch is there to call for help when you need it most. And now it can let someone know when you’ve safely made it to a destination. Need help? Apple Watch has your back. Just press and hold the side button to call emergency services and share your location.19 Apple Watch can automatically detect if you’ve taken a hard fall or been in a severe car crash. If you need help, it will call emergency services, share your location, and notify your emergency contacts.19 Check In notifies someone when you arrive at a destination. If you’re going for a run after dark, you can start a Check In for the duration of your workout to automatically notify a friend when you’re done.20 Designed to make a difference. What matters to you matters to Apple, too. From using more recycled materials that minimize environmental impact. To privacy protections that give you more control over your data. To creating built‑in features that make Apple Watch accessible to all. Series 10 cases are made with 100% recycled aluminum or 95% recycled titanium. This year, you can configure any Apple Watch in any material or finish to be carbon neutral.21 Learn about Apple and the environment Your health data stays on your device and is encrypted when your Apple Watch is locked with a passcode. And it’s never shared without your permission. Learn about Apple and privacy Built-in features like AssistiveTouch, VoiceOver, and wheelchair workouts help make Apple Watch accessible to everyone. Learn about Apple and accessibility Why Apple is the best place to buy Apple Watch. Shop Apple Watch Pay over time, interest‑free. When you choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments.◊ Ways to Buy Apple Card Monthly Installments Pay for your new Apple Watch over time, interest‑free with Apple Card.◊ Simply choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments as your payment option when you make your purchase. And enjoy 3% Daily Cash back, all up front. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Card Monthly Installments Save with Apple Trade In. Get credit toward your next Apple Watch when you trade in an eligible device.1 Apple Trade In Trade in your eligible device for credit. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your eligible device has been received and verified, we’ll credit the value to your payment method. Or choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments and we’ll apply the credit instantly. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. Delivery and Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free next‑day delivery, or convenient Apple pickup options. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Shop live with a Specialist. Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions. Guided Video Shopping Shop live with a Specialist. We can help you choose the product you need while guiding you through the online Apple Store. You won’t appear on camera. Available 7 a.m.–7 p.m. PT. Shop together with a Specialist Meet your new device with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your Apple Watch and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. When you buy your new Apple Watch directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup or focus on features that will help you make the most of your watch. Best of all, you can join whenever it works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about Personal Setup Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app for a more personal way to shop. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items, and track your orders. And opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app Keep exploring Apple Watch. Explore all Apple Watch New Apple Watch Series 10 Apple Watch Series 10 Thinnest. Biggest display.2 Advanced health features. Jet Black aluminum Rose Gold aluminum Silver aluminum Slate titanium Gold titanium Natural titanium +more * Currently Viewing, Apple Watch Series 10 Buy 46mm or 42mm aluminum or titanium case Wide-angle Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits Up to 40% brighter when viewed at an angle S10 SiP Double tap gesture On-device Siri with health data access Precision Finding for iPhone18 ECG app6 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications7 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep apnea notifications4 Up to 18 hours22 Up to 36 hours in Low Power Mode22 Fast charging3 Apple Watch SE Apple Watch SE All the essentials. Light on price. Midnight aluminum Starlight aluminum Silver aluminum +more * Learn More Buy 44mm or 40mm aluminum case Retina display Up to 1000 nits — Up to 40% brighter when viewed at an angle not applicable S8 SiP — Double tap gesture not applicable Siri Find iPhone — ECG App not applicable High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications7 Low cardio fitness notifications — Sleep apnea notifications not applicable Up to 18 hours23 Low Power Mode — Fast charging not applicable Compare all Apple Watch models Apple Watch Apple Footer * Monthly pricing is available when you select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as payment type at checkout at Apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping are not included in ACMI and are subject to your card’s variable APR. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See support.apple.com/kb/HT211204 for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. ◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of October 1, 2024, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 18.74% to 28.99%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers: AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card. Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. Compared to previous generations. Fast charging is compatible with Apple Watch Series 7 or later, including all Ultra models. It is not compatible with any Apple Watch SE model. The Sleep Apnea Notification Feature is available on Apple Watch Series 9 and later and Ultra 2. It is intended to detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea for people 18 years old or older without a diagnosis of sleep apnea. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charger to USB-C Cable (Model A2515), and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Charge time varies with region, settings, initial battery levels, and environmental factors; actual results will vary. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (excluding Apple Watch SE) and can generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Intended for use by people 22 years old and over. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The temperature sensing feature is not intended for medical use. Temperature sensing is available only on Apple Watch Series 8 and later and all Apple Watch Ultra models. The Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Apple Watch Series 10 has a water resistance rating of 50 meters under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like snorkeling or swimming in a pool or ocean. Apple Watch Series 10 should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing, or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-us/HT205000. A subscription is required for Oceanic+. Available on the App Store. Apple Watch Series 10 supports snorkeling to 6 m; Apple Watch Ultra 2 supports recreational scuba diving to 40 m. Always follow diving protocols and dive with a companion and have a secondary device. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Not all languages are supported. Apple Pay is not available in all markets. For a list of Apple Pay countries and regions, visit support.apple.com/en-us/HT207957. Apple Cash services are provided by Green Dot Bank, Member FDIC. Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Green Dot Bank for Apple Cash accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Learn more about the Terms and Conditions. Only available in the U.S. on eligible devices. To send and receive money with an Apple Cash account, you must be 18 and a U.S. resident. If you’re under 18, your family organizer can set up Apple Cash for you as part of their Apple Cash Family account, but you may not be able to access features that require a supported payment card. Security checks may require more time to make funds available. Apple Cash Family accounts can only send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Tap to Cash transactions can only be used to send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Other limits apply, see Terms and Conditions for details. To access and use all Apple Cash features, you must have an eligible device with Wallet that has the latest version of iOS. Only available with select partners and locations, and requires eligible device and OS version. See apple.com/wallet for details. Requires an iPhone and Apple Watch with second-generation Ultra Wideband chip. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Check In requires watchOS 11 or later for the sender and iOS 17 or later for the recipient. Location sharing is not supported in South Korea and might be unavailable in other regions due to local laws. Learn more at apple.com/2030. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 300 time checks, 90 notifications, 15 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 36-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2022 using preproduction Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) and Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and many other factors; actual results will vary. The ability to measure blood oxygen is no longer available on Apple Watch units sold by Apple in the United States beginning January 18, 2024. These are indicated with part numbers ending in LW/A. Learn how to identify your Apple Watch. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10, and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Bands subject to availability. Apple Pay is a service provided by Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Any card used in Apple Pay is offered by the card issuer.  Apple Watch Apple Watch Series 10 Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map